*Chapter 1*



~~ Charlie arrives home(town) ~~

/* Charlie arrives on Main Street in her hometown of Heartsburg and briefly reminisces about the sights as she heads to the cemetery to greet her brother. */


Charlie breathed a deep sigh as the town came into view. As usual, she hadn't been home since last Christmas. This year wasn't really any different. Her chest always started hurting the closer she got to town. As soon as the water tower came into view, her blood pressure started rising.

Coming home was never a bad experience, but bad things had happened, and she didn't want to remember. And she couldn't leave her family completely behind. She knew that they were hurting, too. And to cause them more pain than what they were all feeling already was unthinkable.

As her buttercream 1965 Pontiac Bonneville lumbered down the road, Charlie couldn't help but think back to the first time she left. It had been so hard finishing the senior year without her brother, her twin, and her other half. The accident on New Year's Eve shook the whole town. If it hadn't been for his head injury, Chase's best friend, Lowell, would have been persecuted by the town. They hit a patch of black ice on their way home from Jake's, the Chinese bar and grill owned by Lowell's grandfather and aunt. Chase was driving, and the car wrapped around a utility pole. No one saw it coming. No one could have done anything - except keep them home that night. But the New Year's Eve Luau at Jake's every year was a town tradition. Everyone went. Everyone celebrated. Everyone stayed until well after midnight. No one could have predicted that two of our golden boys would not make it home that night, and one wouldn't make it home ever.

The bar came into view, and Charlie smiled. She could picture the scene. Jake's was the evening hang-out for everyone in town. When the teens were finished bowling or roller skating for the night, they headed to Jake's. It was clean, well-lit, and a fun place to be, even if you might run into your parents. Heartsburg really was a great place to live and Charlie missed it when she was gone. Most of the towns and cities she had frequented in the last seven years had deep, dark places even Jack the Ripper wouldn't be caught dead in. Wow, seven years...

She never missed her birthday or Christmas, but she always missed New Year's Eve. Maybe this year it wouldn't hurt so much. Maybe this year she'd be able to stay longer.

As she continued down Main Street, all her old haunts came into view. It was dark and Jake's was the only place still open after ten on any night, but the memories flooded her mind. Junie, Jackie, and Beckie with her in the square for the Christmas Tree Lighting. Chase, Kenny, Lowell, and her parents heading downtown for the free movie in the park every weekend in the summer.  Playing tag on the way to the library after school. Piling into the minivan to take in a museum in Columbia on the weekend. Yes, Heartsburg was a good place to grow up. Heartsburg was a place to feel loved. And it all ended when Chase died.

She pulled into the cemetery driveway. The gate was always locked at night, but Charlie just parked on the side of the road and walked to her brother's headstone. Kneeling down in front of the stone, her hands drifted over the cold granite.

"I miss you, Bubby. It's been a while, but everything is good. I know I talk to you all the time, but it's always a little different when I'm here, with you. The tattoo business is going well. I have waiting lists at every parlor I work. Not ready to plant my feet yet, so I just keep moving around - kicking butt and taking names like we used to. No boyfriends or anything yet. I hook up, but no one has been good enough to fill your shoes yet. I know it's not the same, but there's a big hole in my heart where you used to be. And I haven't found anyone strong enough to make the hole smaller yet. But I promise, when I do, you'll be the first to know."

She sat for a few minutes before going on. "I'm heading over to see Mom and Dad now. I'll be back later. Love you, Bubby," she said as she kissed the headstone and rose to her feet. Before she left, she added a key chain to the collection at the foot of the stone. "Just a little souvenir from my travels. Enjoy!"

Strolling back to her car, Charlie smiled. She always felt a warm touch when she visited Chase's grave. She got in her car and drove away, only minutes from her childhood home.

The security light at the corner of Baxter and J hardly did anything to light the street. Charlie knew her way anyway. She quietly eased the car into her parent's driveway. They would be asleep, but they knew she was coming. Maybe not tonight, but they knew she would come. Her room would be clean and have fresh sheets. She would go in the back door, which was always unlocked. One of her mom's habits from when they were teens. Lowell had a hard time growing up and sometimes needed to be someplace that wasn't home. And they had other friends that needed a sanctuary. Most didn't use it, but Charlie always liked knowing her friends had someplace safe to be.

*****

~~ Lowell sees Charlie ~~

/* While working his shift at Jake's, Lowell sees Charlie's signature car. He muses for a moment before deciding to head out after her. He knows she'll be stopping at the cemetery first, but he'll meet her at her parents' house. */


The bar was busy, even for a Friday night. Christmas break started on Monday, but families were out in full force tonight. Must have been for Christmas shopping. That, and Santa was visiting Town Square Park this week. Lowell didn't think he had ever made so many chicken finger baskets before in his life.

"Lowell! Get the trash out! I need to keep these plates moving!" The holler from the kitchen startled Lowell from his three-second break.

"Yeah, Bets. I'm working on it!" Aunt Betsy inherited the bar from his grandfather. They had raised him after his parents died when he was in middle school. It wasn't a super warm childhood - not like the Meadows' house. Betsy and Pa had done their best. And they were hurting, too. His parents were on their way back from the only trip they had ever taken after he was born. They went to Disney World for their fifteenth wedding anniversary and never came back. The police had done everything they could to find their killers, but the "mugging gone wrong" was never solved.

Lowell bundled the trash in his large hands and headed out the back door before someone could catch him and order another chicken finger basket. The door slammed behind him as he headed out into the fresh air. Even though it was a bar, it was a family-friendly place. No smoking, no swearing, and absolutely no fighting. The teenagers could get a little hot under the collar sometimes, but Lowell just had to loom over them with his scarred face and six-foot-four build and they cooled their jets.

His head whipped around as he heard it. Not it, her. The telltale purr of Sherry, the 1965 Pontiac Bonneville that Charlie drove. He didn't have to see to know that the buttercream beauty was heading home. Charlie was here. The world was in balance again. She was earlier than usual - eight whole days before Christmas. She never missed her birthday, and she never missed Christmas. Well, they were technically the same holiday, but she was home every time.

Checking his watch, he saw that he had time. He knew she would stop to see Chase before heading home. At this hour, she was in no rush. Her family would be asleep, and she'd be able to enter unannounced. Lowell bounced up the steps into the back of the bar.

"Three chicken finger baskets, coming up!" Betsy yelled.

Lowell rolled his eyes. Why didn't these people go home? Didn't they have jobs, he wondered.

"Bets, can you make me an order of chicken and broccoli, with a side of potstickers, please?"

"She's home, huh?"

"Yeah. I'm gonna give her a bit, but I thought I'd go welcome her home."

"Alright, but start cleaning up before you go, wouldja?"

"You bet, Bets. Thanks!" Lowell said, leaning over to kiss her on the cheek.

Heading to the front of the bar, Lowell grabbed a rag and started wiping down tables. He knew that if he started putting chairs up on the tables, people would get the hint and start closing their tickets.

"Closing early tonight, Lowell?" asked one customer.

"No, Mr. Singer. Just got stuff to do tonight, so I thought I'd get a head start. Go ahead and finish your plate. Betsy'll get you closed out."

He tried not to rush as he moved around the room, wiping, sweeping, and lifting chairs. He would mop when he came back, and he knew Aunt Betsy would close the till. The only thing left was cleaning the bathrooms, and he could wait to do that, too.

About thirty minutes after he placed the order, Betsy placed her hand on his elbow.

"Here ya go, sugar. Tell her I said hello, and give her a big hug from me. We all miss her, you know."

"Thanks, Bets. I will pass on the message, but I don't think it will change anything."

"I pray every day that this year will be different. That girl needs to plant her feet somewhere and make a home. If anyone in this world deserves love, it's her. She doesn't have to stay here, but she needs to stay somewhere where she can make connections and grow roots. She won't finish growing up until she faces her heartache and lets someone in."

"I know, Aunt Bets. I couldn't have gotten through everything I've suffered if it wasn't for the love and support I got from you and the Meadows' when I was growing up. But you can't help someone who doesn't want to be helped."

"Well, don't stay too late. I know you're adults, but be respectful of her family and the other people in that house."

"Yes, ma'am," Lowell said, leaning in for a kiss. "See you in the morning."

He graciously took the bag of food from Betsy and headed out. He decided to take his bicycle because it was quieter than his car, so he put the bag of food in a backpack by the back door and grabbed his bike.

*****

~~ Together again ~~

/* Charlie settles in on her parents' couch and is "attacked" by Lowell. He makes advances towards her, but she stops him in his tracks. */


Charlie tossed her backpack on the window seat in her room. It was like walking through a time machine. Everything in her room was the same as when she left. One of these visits she was going to have to make some updates. But at the same time, she didn't want to upset her mother by making any changes.

Peeling off her clothes, Charlie crawled into the bed in her tank top and undies. She never liked wearing pajamas. It didn't make sense to have a separate set of clothes just for sleeping. The room was dark and smelled fresh, like flowers. Her mom must have sprayed one of her herbal sprays in the room recently. The sheets were crisp and the comforter was warm. Everything was just the way she liked it.

As she started drifting off, Charlie noticed a change in the room. It wasn't really a noise, but the energy was different and she smelled food.

"Charlie, you're not sleeping already, are you?" came a whisper from the dark.

"Lowell, is that you? What are you doing here?"

"Couldn't wait to see you, darlin'," he said, sitting on the bed. She felt his weight shift on the bed as he sat. "And I brought you something."

Charlie reached over and turned on the light on the nightstand. The soft glow lit his face. He grinned like a cat that caught a canary.

"You didn't. My favorite nighttime snack? Potstickers?" Charlie hungrily opened the bag.

Lowell nodded. "And Aunt Betsy's chicken and broccoli. I'm so glad you're home." He leaned in to hug her, and Charlie had to move the food bag to keep the cardboard containers from getting smashed.

As he pulled back, Lowell placed his palm on her cheek. His blue eyes were soft as he looked her over.

Charlie reached up and touched his face. She ran her fingers through his blond hair, lightly touching the scar on his left cheek. It continued for a few inches into his hair. A constant reminder of the tragedy in his past.

As she studied him, she leaned in to kiss him. His lips were warm and soft on her mouth. She parted her lips and let his warmth wash over her. God, she missed this. She missed him. The food bag abandoned, she lifted her other hand to his face and deepened the kiss. His hands slid around her back and she was lost.

Their mouths teased and tasted and they shared breath as they reconnected. She stroked his head, grabbed his neck, and hugged him fiercely as their lips melded together. His hands smoothed up and down her back, one hand stroking the back of her head before moving back down her body.

She hadn't even been back in town for a full hour and they were already face-to-face. She hadn't planned on jumping right into it with him this time around, but what the heck. He was here, and it felt good.

She thought his hands were drifting down to lift her tank top, but he braced his hands on the bed and pulled back instead. When she didn't let go, he gently pulled her hands from around his neck.

"Charlie, stop. I haven't seen you in a year, and this is not how I saw this evening going."

Charlie kept kissing his face - breathy pecks on his cheeks, jaw, eyes - anywhere she could reach.

"Charlie," he said, this time taking her face in his hands. "I just came to say hello. We are not doing this tonight."

"But, baby," Charlie purred, "it's been a whole year."

Lowell chuckled. "I doubt you've been lonely the whole time. I know you, girl. You live every day to the max. But I am just here for my friend tonight."

*****

~~ Or not... ~~

/* Lowell has stopped her advances, and Charlie realizes he may have committed himself to someone. */


"Well fine," Charlie blurted, pulling back and sitting in a full-on pout. Lowell couldn't help but chuckle out loud. He'd known Charlie since they were five years old, and she pulled this stunt any time she didn't get her way.
"No need to pout, Charlie-girl. We have time," he said.

"Fine, then I'm not sharing my food with you," she snapped, reaching for the bag.

"You better quiet down, or you'll wake your parents." Lowell couldn't wipe the grin off his face. He always felt younger somehow when Charlie was around.

She peered into the bag and started pulling the containers out. "Do you want some chicken and broccoli? I'm not sharing the potstickers, though," she said with a crease in her brow.

"Sure, I'll share. I even brought chopsticks, spoons, and napkins." Lowell reached into his pocket and pulled out the eating ware.

"Oh," she said, a delighted smile brightening her face. "You did think of everything!"

She popped open the take-out containers, snapped the chopsticks apart, and started on the chicken and broccoli.

"So, whatcha been up to?" Lowell asked, with a slow drawl. He didn't usually like to sound like he was from South Carolina, but occasionally, it was fun to exaggerate his speech a little. He reached across her lap with his own chopsticks and grabbed a bite of the food.

Charlie eyed him while she chewed her food. "You know what I do when I'm not here. I hang out anywhere they'll take me and make permanent art on people," she said, eyeing him. "Or are you asking me something else?"

"I'm just making conversation, honey," he said, reaching for another bite.

"Well, things have been pretty good," she said, as she gathered another bite herself. "Roxie always has waiting lists for me when I get to Myrtle Beach. I usually call Jacob in Abbeville when I head his way, and he has me booked by the time I get there. Everyone's so great to work with, and the customers are wonderful - most of the time." She said with a laugh, scooping another bite into her mouth.

"What's the weirdest tattoo you did this year?" Lowell loved hearing her stories about crazy customers. Most of them were agreeable, manageable, respectful even. But every time she came home, she had at least one story of a demanding customer that wasn't pleased with anything she did.

"Hmm... I didn't have any weird ones, but I had a cool situation. A young girl came in to get her first tattoo for her 18th birthday, and she brought her mom to get one, too. Then, her grandma came in. They were all getting their first tattoos. The grandma was a little more finicky about hers, but it's permanent, you know? I totally understood her wanting it to be perfect. They were all so sweet. The girl got the Creation of Adam on her wrist - you know, the fingertips touching? I think she was an art student. The mom got some musical symbols that she brought in herself. I had done lots like it before, but this was a little different because it had a third symbol on top. The grandma got a yellow rose on her ankle. I think she did a great job choosing the size and angle of it."

"And none of them had gotten tattoos before? That's kind of cool. I couldn't imagine doing something in three generations like that."

"I know. It made me kind of miss my grandparents a little. But I would've done stuff like that with Chase all the time," she said with a smile.

"Yeah, I know what you mean. I guess I did do stuff with Betsy and Gramps, but nothing sentimental like that. We were together all the time running the bar, but it was business and family. Everything in our lives is about that place."

"Don't you get tired of it? Don't you ever think about leaving?"

She seemed hopeful for the right answer, and Lowell knew he didn't have it. "Where would I go, Charlie? What would I do? Run another bar? That's all I'm trained to do, and I've got a good thing here. I live above the place, on my own. I have no bills. I can use my time how I like. If I want to take off an afternoon to help a friend build a shed or something, I can do that. The bar allows me to be a part of the community, aside from serving them food."

She sighed. "I know, Lowell. You really do belong here. This place is in your blood." She took another bite. "So when are you getting married?"

Lowell almost choked on his bite of food. "What?"

"Married. You know, ball and chain, tied down, get yourself an old lady." Charlie chuckled. He did need a partner in his life.

"What makes you think I don't have someone already?" If it wasn't dark in the room, Charlie would see the blush creeping up his face.

"Please. You're here in the middle of the night. No one would stand for that."

"No one comes before you, Charlie. No one."

*****

~~ Potstickers at midnight ~~

/* They reconnect over potstickers from the bar, Charlie's favorite late-night snack. */


Charlie lifted her chin to peer into his face. Even in the dark, she could tell his sincerity.

"Lowell, are you seeing someone? Is that why you stopped me earlier?"

"Come on, Charlie. Would I be here with you if I was seeing someone?"

"Then why are you here?"

"To catch up with an old friend who I only get to see once a year. Now eat your food," he said, kissing the tip of her nose.

The chicken and broccoli were almost gone, so she handed him the container to finish and reached for the potstickers. They were heavenly - tender and tasty, and the sauce was perfect, as always. She didn't know if the recipe was a Roberts' family tradition or a carryover from the previous owner, but these were the best potstickers she ever had.

"So how about you, then, Lowell? What have you been up to?"

"Me? Not much. You know how things go around here. Slow in the winter, busy in the summer. People traipsing through here on the way to Myrtle Beach and stuff. The Thomas' opened some of their lands as a campground, so we get more people staying over, instead of driving through. And the Wilsons fixed up the Reed House and opened it as a bed and breakfast. I hear the city council is planning to start renting scooters to ride around downtown, so that'll be a mess if they ever agree."

Charlie laughed about the scooters. She could imagine having lunch downtown with all the scooters whizzing by. It really would be a disaster. And the scooters wouldn't stay downtown for long. People would take them all over town.

The potstickers were gone now, so she bundled up the food trash and put it in the bag.

"I'll take that when I go," Lowell said.

"But you're not going now, are you?" Charlie said, distress in her voice.

"No, honey. I'll stay as long as you like," he said, reaching over to brush the hair from her face. Charlie thought he was lying to her about seeing someone. Lowell was so kind and protective. She couldn't imagine that he hadn't caught someone's attention. Everyone knew what happened in high school and what his scars were from. There couldn't still be issues about that. No, she was sure he was seeing someone. She just had to find out who.

"Well, let me make some room so you can stretch out. We can catch up." She scooted over in the bed and laid down, pulling the covers to her chin - not to be prudish, but to be comfortable. He stretched out beside her on top of the covers, supporting his head with one arm and resting his other arm over her stomach as he started telling her more about some of their friends from town.

She listened to him tell stories from the year - the St. Patrick's Day Festival, Oktoberfest, Fourth of July Picnic, Veteran's Day Parade, and the new Santa at the mall this year. His voice was soft and smooth, so comforting. She never realized until she was home how much she missed listening to him when she was gone.

She laughed and grunted in all the right places while he spoke, but before long, she drifted off to sleep. His weight next to her felt like home, and she had the best night's sleep she'd had all year.
