


[PB]






<center>*Chapter 2*



Early morning

Lowell and Charlie make love. Well, he is making love to her, but she is scratching an itch.


Charlie woke as the sun started lightening the sky. Her sleep had been peaceful and warm. She didn't remember the last time she felt so comfortable in a bed. As her head cleared, she realized why. Lowell had fallen asleep next to her, his arm still draped over her stomach. He didn't usually stay, and he looked so peaceful sleeping, but she had to wake him before her parents got up. She didn't know if they knew about her and Lowell, but she didn't think him joining them for breakfast was a good way to tell them.
"Lowell," she whispered in his ear. A small smile spread across his face as she rubbed his arm and shoulder. "Lowell, it's morning. You have to go."
"Never, Charlie. I'm never leaving you," he said, still half sleep. His hand reached for her face and he was kissing her. Without really thinking about it, she kissed him back. Their tongues danced between their mouths and their hands drifted over each other's torsos. As their kisses deepened, their need grew in urgency.
Charlie threw off the covers and reached for Lowell's belt buckle. Fully awake now, Lowell pulled back for a second.
"Are you sure?" he asked, knowing the answer already.
"Lowell, just get your clothes off," she answered, unbottoning his pants.
He pulled off his flannel overshirt and t-shirt before reaching for her tank top. She was already ditching her underwear. Deciding she didn't want to mess withh is boots, she pushed his jeans and boxers down to his knees, fully at attention and ready for her. He placed his mouth back on hers, and gently pushed her on her back, and reached between her legs. She was wet and ready for him when she parted her legs. He inserted a finger and stroked her inside. She quivered around his finger, and he added another one. She moaned and gripped his shoulders as he rubbed her.
"Lowell," she breathed. "Please--" She grabbed his hips and pulled her towards him.
He braced himself on both hands as she guided him to her and in. She gasped as he entered, releasing his mouth from their kiss. He kissed her neck and shoulder as he started pumping, and she saw stars. No one else had ever made her this high, and she rose higher as he worked his magic. Higher and higher as he kissed her breast and she stroked his chest. She opened her eyes and looked at him - his beautiful face, firm jaw, straight nose, sparkling green eyes. As their eyes connected, she felt something spark, and she couldn't stop the explosion, even if she wanted to.
They finished together, mouths joined, bodies entwined, and time stopped for a moment.
Birds tweeted outside the window, and Charlie was reminded that morning had come.
"I have to go," he whispered into her neck.
"I know," she whispered back.

<center>* * *

A new day

Charlie wakes up to kitchen noises. While she had not been in touch with her family, they knew that she would show up sometime soon. She startles her mother in the kitchen, but the family has a warm welcome anyway. She tells her family she will be hanging around town today, catching up with old friends.


Charlie woke again to the sound of pots and pans clattering in the kitchen. Mom always put away last night's dishes before starting breakfast. Dad would be coming down soon, after trying, for the third time no doubt, to get Kenny out of bed. Afther they cleaned up, Lowell left quietly, and Charlie fell back asleep.
She pulled on some leggings and threw a hoodie over her tank top. Running her fingers through her hair, she headed out of the bedroom to the kitchen.
"Hi, Mom," Charlie almost whispered.
Whirling around, Beverly Meadows almost dropped the stack of plates in her hand.
"Charlie! We didn't expect you until tomorrow! Joe! Get down here! Charlie's home!" And suddenly, she was wrapped in her mother's arms. She had no idea what happened to the plates, but she was glad to be home. Something was different this time, and it actually felt like she had arrived somewhere. Before, she was only visiting. But this time, she felt like she might be ready to stay.
"Charlie?" her dad called from the stairwell. "Kenny! Get down here! Your sister's home!" Suddenly, he arrived in the kitchen and hugged Charlie. "Charlie, how are you? Things good?" he asked, squeezing her to his chest.
He pulled back and stroked her shoulders with his thumbs. "You doing well, Charlotte? Do you need money? How's the car? She treating you well?"
Chuckling, Bev took Charlie's hand and led her to the table. "Enough, Joe. She just got here. We have time. Right, Charlie?"
"Yeah, Mom. We have time." She smiled a little, knowing she didn't give them enough time. She felt guilty, but it had been what she had to do to get through. She had needed time, and space, to mend her heart. But she was starting to think that it was almost put back together enough that she could do this family life, and let her family heal.
Kenny finally appeared in the kitchen as Bev started pouring coffee.
"Yo, sis."
"Hey, bro."
That was all they needed, and the missed time was gone. Charlie had always felt the worst for Kenny. She knew she should have stayed to be a big sister to him. And maybe things would have worked out better for him if she had stayed - maybe he wouldn't have made the mistakes he made, and maybe he wouldn't have had to go to jail. Or maybe they both would have been in jail. But all was forgiven between Charlie and her baby brother.
"So, Charlie?" her dad asked. "How are things?"
"They're good, dad. I've been keeping busy working. Been putting back my money, like you taught me. I could buy a house right now, if I wanted to, but I'm not ready yet."
"Is that right? A house? Nice job, honey," her mom said, throwing a glance towards Joe. "Keeping your expenses down is helping a lot."
"And the car? She's behaving?"
"Oh yeah. She needs some coaxing from time to time, but I've got a bike I use sometimes, too."
"Oh yeah?" Kenny finally perked up at the mention of a motorcycle.
"It's a Honda Shadow - I call her Cherry. I painted it gunmetal gray and tweaked the exhaust. It purrs like a kitten. Great cruiser for country riding with the gang."
"Sounds like. Did you bring it?" Kenny asked, eager for some interested news. If she did, that might mean she was sticking around awhile. He had heard her car when she arrived last night. But she could have towed it.
"Not this time, bro. Maybe next year."
Kenny's heart sank. Sounds like maybe she wasn't planning to stick around this time. He loved these Christmas visits, but he missed her when she was gone. He often wondered if things might have been different if they had had a deeper relationship. But she shut down after Chase died. It hurt him, too, but for her, it was like losing a limb. 
Beverly put more pancakes on her daughter's plate. "What are your plans today? Any requests for dinner?"
"Not sure yet, Mom. I'll probably spend some time with Lowell today, after I catch up with everyone. I'll let you know."
"Ok, honey. Make sure to leave out your dirty clothes. I'll do some wash for you today."
Charlie tried not to roll her eyes. Her mom acted like she couldn't take care of herself. "Thanks, Mom. But I'm okay. Everything's all clean."
Charlie got up from her chair and grabbed her dishes to wash in the sink.
"I got it, honey. Leave them there."
"Thanks, dad."
"Sis, you heading into town? I gotta get to work at Jake's."
"You're working at Jake's now? That's great! Good job, Ken!"
"Thanks," he said, sheepishly. The praise was unfamiliar. "Um, can I get a ride? You got room for my bike?"
"Sure. Ready in 15?"
"Yeah, sounds good."

<center>* * *

Brotherly advice

Charlie gives Kenny and his bicycle a ride into town (he usually rides his bike), and they have a tender moment where they catch up and talk about life in general.




<center>* * *

Back at the outhouse...

It is now lunchtime, and Lowell is getting ready to open the bar. He lives in an apartment upstairs, so he is always around. People from town start coming in for lunch, and they are all abuzz about the return of Charlie. He sees her walking to the square and leaves to confront her


Lowell took one last look in the mirror before heading for the door to his apartment, and down the stairs to the back hall of the bar, tucking in his shirt along the way. As he arrived at the bottom of the steps from his apartment, he almost ran into Kenny.
"Hey, boss. Sorry - Charlie came back last night, so we were late getting going this morning."
Lowell hadn't forgotten her arrival, but he had forgotten that her family hadn't seen her yet. "No problem, Kenny. Let's just get things going, yeah?"
"Sure thing, boss. Thanks." And he headed to the kitchen to turn on the fryers and start prepping the food.
Lowell headed to the front to set out the chairs and get things set up for the lunch rush that would be starting soon. They opened at 11:00 for lunch, but it took a good hour to get things ready. Once he got the house set up, Rachel and Junie would finish getting the silverware and menus sorted. Lowell headed to the kitchen to help Kenny prep.
"So how's Charlie?" Lowell asked Kenny as he grabbed the bin of iceberg lettuce from the walk-in cooler.
"She seems good. Mom and Dad were all over her, asking her questions and stuff. She gave me a ride into town, but we only really did small talk. She seems the same as she always does - distant and bored."
"Did she say how long she's staying?" Lowell really only heard that Charlie was here, on the square. He didn't really hear anything else Kenny said.
"You know she never says, but she'll be gone by New Year's like she always is."
"Yeah. Don't forget the onions." He wondered if he'd have time to go find her and talk to her. He really hadn't meant to have sex with her, and he certainly hadn't meant to stay. She felt so good in his arms when she dozed off. Then, when she woke him this morning, all bets were off. And something was different this time, even if Kenny didn't see it. When they touched and made love, something about it seemed more open. She had always shielded herself, even from him, and now she was blooming.
"Jeez - you forget something once, and they never let you live it down!" Kenny teased, as he reached for the bin of onions.
Lowell grabbed a towel and started wiping off his hands. "Listen, I've got to run and do something. Can you keep things moving here?"
"Yeah, sure," Kenny said, excited that Lowell was leaving him to do it on his own for once.
"Thanks," Lowell said, halfway out the door to the dining room already. "Girls, I've got to head out for a minute. Can you finish up here? Ready to open in 30?"
"Yeah, boss. We got it," Rachel said.
Junie stepped in front of Lowell as he reached to open the front door. "Lowell, baby, when are we gonna go out? I keep telling you I want to try that Italian place over in Summit, but you never ask me to go."
"Junie, I just haven't had time. I'm sorry. But I've heard it's a great place. You should see if Jax or Rob can take you. They usually finish work at the shop early."
She placed her palm on his chest and drew circles with her thumb. Her bottom lip stuck out slightly, she said, "But Lowell, baby, I want you to take me. It'll be our first date." A smile slowly grew on her face.
Lowell could still feel Charlie's hands on his chest where Junie was touching him. He almost groaned at the memory. He gently took her wrist and removed her hand from his body. "Junie, please stop. I've told you before that I'm just not interested. I figured, after all these years, that you would believe me. You are a beautiful and smart woman, but I'm just not into you."
"Oh, you don't mean that, Lowell, baby. You just don't know me well enough yet," she said with a giggle.
He side-stepped her and headed out the door. "I don't mean to be rude, but I'm saying I don't want to know more. Now get to work, yeah?"

<center>* * *

On the square

Charlie is the talk of the town. Even after all this time, people express their condolences, their good wishes, and their curiosity about her life. Charlie runs into Aunt Betsy and they exchange a hug and good conversation. Betsy is like a second mother to her, having raised Lowell since childhood. She invites Charlie to come down to Jake's to see "the other half" of the town population.