CHAPTER FOUR

~~ A confrontation ~~

/* Lowell confronts Junie angrily, Jess calms her down */

Lowell sank to the ground as he watched Charlie ride off with Roxie. His feet just wouldn't take him any farther. He didn't know what had upset Charlie so much, but he hated when she was angry with him.

Once he collected himself, he rose to his feet again and stormed back into the almost empty bar. Jess still sat on her stool at the bar. She usually hung around in the early afternoon hours, since she wasn't working yet. Rachel was cleaning tables and loading dishes into the buspans. Junie had been watching him from the window and was backing away when he came in. All eyes were on him. He glowered at Junie.

"Junie, please stop harrassing me. I have told you repeatedly that nothing is going to happen, and I'm not going to change my mind." He really tried to stay calm, but he was afraid his voice sounded more like a growl.

"But, I --"

"Junie," still growling, and still trying to keep his cool. "Nothing is going to happen. I am not into you. What you've been doing is embarrasing for you, and harrassing me."

"Then why have you kept me around so long? If it's really that much of a bother --"

Lowell closed his eyes and took a deep breath as her voice faded away. "You know, Junie. I felt sorry for you. You are good to the customers, you've been here a long time, and I needed the help. But I can always find other help." His words clipped short as he continued. "Should I do that, or can you control yourself?"

She was shaking and Lowell felt a little guilty. He knew his quiet anger was intimidating to most people, but it was all he could muster at this point. Jess rose from her stool and came to Junie's side, eyes still on Lowell.

Junie's voice quivered. "Lowell, I -- I really thought you liked having me around. But if you don't want me here, I can leave."

"Can you control yourself, Junie?"

"Uh, yes, I think so."

"Good. Then you have one last chance to be my employee, and nothing more. We aren't even friends, Junie. Do you understand that?"

Tears streamed down her face as she answered. "Yes, Lowell. We aren't even friends. Thank you."

Lowell looked at Rachel as Junie sank into a chair. "Rachel, you are my witness, and you are in charge here in the front of the house. If there is anymore harrassment, you may fire her. I'm tired of avoiding people in my own place. Got it?" Rachel nodded. "Good. I'm going out, and I'll be back before the dinner rush."

He took two steps, then stopped. Looking at the women, he hesitated. "I really want to yell right now, but I don't think there's anything else to say."

"No, boss," Rachel said. "I think you've said plenty."

He headed upstairs and overheard Jess and Rachel consoling Junie.

"What did you think was gonna happen, Junie? That he was gonna suddenly decide to screw you, and that'd be it?" Rachel snapped.

"Rachel, that isn't very nice. He really hurt her feelings," Jess said, trying to be neutral.

"Jess, she's been pulling the same act for as long as I've known her. I can't believe he put up with it as long as he did. I mean, if no means no when we say it, why shouldn't it for him? Why does he have to be the bad guy?"

"But, I love him, Rachel," Junie squeaked. "I have wanted him since high school, and I just don't know how to quit."

"Oh Junie, you don't need that kind of love. You need someone who can love you back. It doesn't seem like Lowell does," said Jess. "Take it from someone who knows. You deserve to have someone who loves you back." Jess reached out to Junie and hugged her.

Junie sobbed. "What am I gonna do?"

Rachel rolled her eyes and scoffed as she turned back to her work. Jess patted Junie's back and said, "You're going to pick yourself up, be the best employee ever, and start making new friends that aren't Lowell."

*****

~~ A different confrontation ~~

/* Charlie and Roxie have it out at the cemetery and Charlie sorts through her feelings */

The wind cooled Charlie's face. Riding was so freeing, and she could always think clearly on the back of a motorcycle. So what if Lowell was with someone else. So what if he had a girlfriend. It explained why he stopped her last night, but it didn't explain this morning. What they had was casual, but she would be damned if she was going to be the other woman.

Well, that doesn't make sense either. If what they have is casual, then there will be others. She will be the other woman. It's not up to her to decide that he has something special with someone else. Right? Gah - this was all so confusing.

The bike slowed and Roxie pulled over to the side of the road.

"You've got to tell me where to steer this thing. I don't know where you want to go," he said.

"Can't we just keep riding?" she asked hopefully.

Roxie turned around in his seat. "Hon, I'd love to, but you keep muttering to yourself back there, and I'm afraid you're gonna jump off. You are not alright, and I want to talk with you. Should we do it here, or do you want to go somewhere?"

"The cemetery. I'll drive" she said, firmly. She needed to talk to Chase.

She climbed off the bike so Roxie could get off without kicking her. Then, she got back on, and he followed. She started up the bike and turned around to head back towards town. The cemetery was on the edge of town, so she wouldn't risk running into Lowell, or anyone else she knew.

She pulled into the driveway of the cemetery and parked the bike near the section where Chase was buried. They got off the bike and walked the the site.

"So, this is it, huh?" Roxie said, looking at the headstone.

"This is it," confirmed Charlie, moving to the large tree near the gravesite. She sank down to the ground and leaned against the tree.

Roxie crouched down and fingered the key chains. "You come here a lot, I guess."

"Yeah, every year. I get little trinkets for him while I'm gone, and I leave them when I come back."

Roxie rose to his feet and joined her under the tree. He took her hand and laced his fingers with hers. "Chuckie, I don't know what to say. You know this isn't healthy, right? Running around like you don't have a home, or people who miss you."

"I am tired of being on the road all the time, but I like having connections with people that didn't know Chase. I can feel everyone's eyes on me here. Like they're waiting for me to do something or be somebody. But I don't know who I am without him when I'm here. Out there, it's easier."

"Yeah, I get that. But you have to find balance. You have to deal with this grief. And you have to let your family grieve with you, too. They lost your brother, too, you know."

"Yeah, I know. I'm getting that. But I don't know how to fill the void he left."

"You mean, like, in your family?"

"Yeah. The role he played in the house and with my parents. I can't fill that."

"Honey, what ever made you think you had to?"

"Well, I guess I -- I don't know. I guess I thought because we were twins that I had to somehow make up for him being gone."

Roxie smiled. "No offense, doll, but that's just dumb. You can't make up for a whole person being gone. You have to just be you. Your family will find a way to get along without him. But to lose you, too? I don't know many families that could handle that."

Charlie understood what he was saying, but she didn't really see it. Her parents and Kenny seemed to be getting along just fine without her. Roxie continued, "But the big difference I see is that Chase was lost through fate. You chose to be lost."

Just then an old truck rolled up, and Lowell parked next to the bike. Roxie kissed the back of her hand and stood up, letting her hand drop to her lap.

"Looks like my turn is over. Text me if you need me; I won't be far." Charlie nodded and he walked away, nodding at Lowell as they passed each other.

*****

~~ At the cememtery ~~

/* Lowell catches up with them at the cemetery and he and Charlie talk */

Lowell saw the motorcycle at the cemetery entrance and felt a jolt of relief. He was afraid she had gone. If she had, this would be the first time since Chase died that she wasn't here for their birthday. At least he'd get a chance to try to talk to her, to explain everything. He didn't even really know what he would be explaining. All he knew was that she was pissed. Hopefully he could get her to talk, and she wouldn't shut down again.

Ever since they were kids, Lowell was the only one who knew her almost as well as Chase. The three of them had sort of a secret language. When his parents died when they were twelve, Chase and Charlie knew exactly what he needed. He never had to ask for anything - never had to say a word. When he was lonely, they held his hand. When he was hungry, they shared their food. When he was sad, they cheered him up.

And it went the other way, too. Once, in elementary school, before Lowell's parents died, the Meadows' family dog, Ike, had been hit by a car. That dog followed them like he was on a string. Suddenly Ike was gone, and they all missed him, but Charlie missed him the most. So Lowell gave her his stuffed dog on a string to drag around, so she wouldn't miss Ike so much. When Chase broke him arm falling out of a tree in middle school, all three of them wore slings.

Losing Chase senior year almost broke him. Charlie had ridden home from the party with her parents that night. They said she had a headache, and that's why she was leaving early. Lowell knew they were fibbing, but it didn't seem important at the time, so he never pushed on why she left early. Otherwise, she would have been in the car with them. He thought that was part of her guilt - the fact that she normally would have been with them. Only that time, she wasn't.

Losing Charlie after graduation did break him. Especially since they had slept together the first time right before graduation day. He hadn't realized that he loved her until that day. It was when he realized that she was the first person he wanted to talk to everday, and the last person he wanted to see every night. She had visited him in the hospital every day, but they hardly spoke. There was no need.

But maybe now there was.

She was sitting under the tree next to Chase's grave. Lowell saw Roxie strolling away, towards his motorcycle, and secretly thanked him with a nod for giving them space. He hardly even noticed the engine turn over and the motorcyle drive away because all he saw was her. She looked so small under the tree with her knees pulled up to her chest and tears streaming down her face. He sat down next to her and rested a minute before he spoke.

"When you left the first time, after graduation, I was lost. Like you, I lost Chase overnight, and then I was stuck there in the hospital. Betsy visited as much as she could, but Grandpa needed her at the bar. And when you came, the whole room lit up, even though you were lost, too. I knew that as long as I had you, I could handle missing Chase."

She blinked tears as she looked at him, her chin quivering more.

"I didn't even get to go to the funeral. I didn't get to say goodbye." Lowell paused to swallow the knot in his throat. "But then you left, and I had to learn to navigate life on my own. And it wasn't all that bad, but it wasn't all that great, either. I thought about both of you every day, but what hurt the most was that you were choosing to stay away."

She started to shake her head to argue with him, but he put up his hand to stop her.

"Even that I learned to deal with, because I understood. If I could have left, I would have. Everywhere I went I found memories of both of you. But after awhile, I started to find joy in those memories, instead of sadness, and I made new memories."

"But that's what scares me, Lowell. The new memories."

"How is that scary?"

"Because you've made new memories without me. And we can't even talk anymore."

"But we're talking right now."

"No," she sighed with exasperation. "I mean like we used to. We never had to say anything, we just always knew what the other one needed. But somehow things are different now. I don't know what you need or want anymore. Hell, I don't even know what I need or want anymore. I feel like I've been running from the memories for so long that I lost them in the dust." More tears lept from her eyes.

He put his arm around her shoulders and she rested her head on his chest. With his other hand, he wiped the tears from her cheeks.

"But if you keep running, you won't ever figure out what you need or want."

"I know, and I think I'm ready to stop running. I'm ready to find the memories again. I want them to make me laugh, instead of cry."

Lowell's heart was pounding in his chest. He leaned forward to look at her face, almost too excited to hope. "Are you saying what I think you're saying? Are you planning on staying?"

She hesitated before she said, "I think I'm gonna just not plan to leave yet."

Lowell couldn't help himself. He kissed her, full on the lips. As he held her face in his hands and kissed her, he felt like he was finally arriving home, even though he never left. And she kissed him back, her lips parting and her tongue darting out to find his. There was so much to talk about still, but this was all they needed right now.

Her hands settled on his chest, and they leaned into each other, both finding peace in the kiss. Their mouths stayed together for what seemed like an eternity, and Lowell felt fresh tears on her cheeks.

They finally broke apart, breathless, and as he leaned back against the tree, she settled her head on his chest again.

After a moment, Lowell took a chance and broke the silence. "Can I ask why you were so mad when you left Jake's?"

She chuckled a little before she answered. "Oh, that. Well, I was mad that you would come to my bedroom in the middle of the night, and make love to me like you did this morning, and then hooked up with two other women the same day. But it's not a big deal. We aren't a thing, and you moved on. It's fine."

"Wait, what?" Lowell sat upright. "Hooked up with two other women? What are you talking about?"

"Well, while Roxie and I were having lunch, you were having a very intimate conversation with that girl at the bar."

"Jess? Jeez, that's not even a thing. I couldn't hear her with all the noise at the bar, so I got in close to hear her better. We are not a thing."

"Wait, that was Jess? No way! I heard she moved to Columbia."

"Yeah, she did." Lowell hesitated because he didn't want to tell her secrets. "She did, but she moved back a few weeks ago. You should have a drink with her. I'm sure she'd love to catch up with you."

Charlie laughed. "Ok, but what about Junie?"

He rolled his eyes. "Come on. You know Junie's been trying to get into my bed since high school."

"Well, yeah, but you mean you never took advantage of that?"

"No."

"So, wait. Are you telling me that I'm the only one you've been with all this time?"

"Well, no, but none of them made it to a second time."

"Why you dog, you!" Charlie laughed /* , mostly at herself for thinking the worst about him.*/

Lowell was feeling defensive at her judgement. "Ok, but what about you, bringing that bear of a man into my town. All these years you could have brought someone, and you wait until now, and you bring him?"

Charlie had doubled over with laughter, but Lowell didn't see the joke. "What's so funny?" he asked, starting to smile himself.

Finally catching her breath, Charlie explained. "I did date Roxie, a few years ago. But he met Lucy, and they fell in love. They got married over two years ago, and we've all been best friends since. Never like we were, but the closest thing I have to a family outside of Heartsburg." She was starting to sober up, but continued her explanation. "After I visited Chase last night, I started to get the feeling that something was different this time. So, I called Lucy and asked if I could borrow her husband for a day or two. She suggested that I imply that he was my boyfriend, and the notion kinda stuck. He didn't even know what he was in for when he got here."

She had been studying her hands in her lap while she talked, and now she lifted her eyes to his face to see his reaction.

"Wait," Lowell said, his brows knitted together in confusion. "So, you aren't in a relationship either?"

"No."

Thrilled at his luck, he slapped his thigh. "Well, there we go! Half the battle is already won! Now we just need to figure out how to talk again, and we'll be back to old us in no time," he said with a grin.

She smiled weakly in agreement and settled back against the tree.

"So, what do we do now?"

Lowell thought for a moment. "Now? Well, I think we should say 'Au revoir' to Chase, then head back into town. We'll come by and see him again tomorrow, if you want."

*****

~~ Talking to a ghost ~~

/*Charlie has a heart to heart with Chase, and Roxie comes to pick her up */

*****

~~ Making new friends ~~

/* Charlie introduces Lowell to Roxie and they have a snack before Roxie heads home */
