HEARTSBURG CHRONICLES - Potstickers at Midnight
Character Profiles

** Charlie Meadows **
Full Name: Charlotte Rose Meadows
Age: 25
Birthdate: Dec 24, 1995
Description:
Goals: Charlie wants to stop the pain that love has caused her.
Bio: Her brother died on New Year's Eve, just after they turned 18. She returns home every year, just before Christmas, to see her family for her birthday and Christmas, but she leaves before New Year's. She has not been able to settle down since his death.

While she's gone, she travels the state working at tattoo parlors. She has made a name for herself int he community and several popular places in the state reserve a booth for her and schedule appointments. She has a route around the state, but she's not locked into it.

She is currently 25, about to turn 26. This is her 8th birthday without her brother.

She had always drawn/doodles in her notebooks, and anywhere else she could find. During her senior year in high school, she started hanging out at tattoo parlors. She made friends with the artists and they encouraged her work. After graduation, she took the required state classes and started apprenticing at local places. She started going to tradeshows and conventions for tatto artists and met several artists from different parts of the state. One of the local boys, Doug, had a brother, Robert, who also owned a tattoo place in Rock Hill, so she went to Rock Hill for part of her apprenticeship. The brothers also put in a good word for her at other places, and she was able to split her time and start her client base.

* Lowell Roberts *
Full Name: Lowell Brown Roberts
Age: 26
Birthdate: Oct 3, 1995
Description:
Goals: Lowell wants to help Charlie heal from her brother's death by getting her to stay long enough to rekindle feelings of love for the people in her life at home.

Bio: He first hooked up with Charlie right before graduation. He was best friends with Charlie's brother, Chase. They have known each other since the age of five. After the accident, he spent several months in the hospital with a head injury and had to finish his classwork at home. He returned to school for the last month, and he and Charlie connected over Chase's death. She was lonely and wathdrawn.

He was raised by his now-deceased grandfather and Aunt Betsy after his parents died when he was 12.

* Kenny Meadows *
Age: 22
Birthdate: Mar 18, 1999
Summary: younger brother to Charlie Meadows

* Aunt Betsy * AKA: Elizabeth Roberts
Age: 45
Birthdate:
Summary: unmarried; mother of Rachel

* Rachel Roberts *
Age: 21
Birthdate:
Summary: Daughter of Aunt Betsy; cousin of Lowell

* Junie Watling * AKA: Juniper
Age: 27
Birthdate:
Summary: Unmarried; former classmate of Lowell & Charlie; desperate for Lowell's attention

* Jess Myers * AKA: Jessica
Age: 26
Birthdate: Feb 16, 1995
Summary: divorced; recently returned to Heartsburg; former classemate of the main characters

* Roxie * AKA: Jason Rockland
Age: 30
Birthdate:
Summary: Former boyfriend of Charlie's; now friend & colleague; married to Lucy; lives in Myrtle Beach and hosts Charlie when she's in town. Stereotypical "biker dude". He is tall and muscular, with tattoos on every visible part of his body, as well as some covered areas. He has blue eyes and light brown hair that he keeps cut close to his head. He wears tight t-shirts and jeans with steel-toed work boots. Sometimes he wears a leather vest when he is riding his bike.

* Lucy Rockland *
Age: 28
Birthdate:
Summary: 
