OUTLINE

Chapter 1 Fri, 12/17/21
x 10:00 pm   1. Charlie arrives back in her hometown, stopping at her brother's grave on the way home
x 10:00 pm   2. Lowell sees Charlie's arrival and gets ready to go see her
x 11:00 pm   3. Charlie gets settled in her room and receives a visitor
x 11:30 pm   4. Things get hot between them, but Lowell cools them off
x 12:00 am   5. Charlie is hurt that he cooled it, but they eat and talk and cuddle

Chapter 2 Sat 12/18
x  5:00 am   1. Charlie wakes and is happy with Lowell, and wakes him with a kiss ***
   5:30 am   2. Lowell considers what just happened as he rides his bike back home in the early morning hours
x  8:30 am   3. Charlie wakes again, alone, and greets her family in the kitchen
   9:30 am   4. Charlie gives Kenny a ride into town for work and they reconnect
x 10:00 am   5. Lowell gets the bar ready, and finds out Charlie is in town

Chapter 3 Sat 12/18
  10:00 am   1. Charlie sees Aunt Betsy, and she fills Charlie in on some town gossip
x 10:30 am   2. Lowell catches up with Charlie and is interrupted by Roxie's arrival
x 11:00 am   3. Charlie fills Roxie in on the plan to fake a relationship
x 11:00 am   4. Lowell watches as Charlie and Roxie have lunch while Jess gives him some much needed advice
x 12:00 pm   5. Charlie is upset that Lowell came to her when he has a girl, then she walks in on him with another girl

Chapter 4 Sat 12/18
  12:15 pm   1. Lowell confronts Junie angrily, Jess calms her down
- 12:30 pm   2. Charlie and Roxie have it out at the cemetery and Charlie sorts through her feelings
x  1:00 pm   3. Lowell catches up with them at the cemetery and he and Charlie talk
   1:30 pm   4. Charlie has a heart to heart with Chase, and Roxie comes to pick her up
   2:00 pm   5. Charlie introduces Lowell to Roxie and they have a snack before Roxie heads home

Chapter 5 Sat 12/18 & Sun 12/19
   4:00 pm   1. Charlie goes home and digs through her things, pulling out mementos from high school; memories have new meaning
   7:00 pm   2. After the dinner rush, Lowell confides in Aunt Betsy and she comforts him, advising him to give Charlie time
   9:00 pm   3. Charlie heads to the bar, but Lowell is not there. She has a talk with Aunt Betsy and Jess. Just for something to do, she starts working the bar and has to get something from the back. Lowell comes back just as she is knocking something off the top shelves, and he "saves" her, sharing an intimate moment.
  10:00 am   4. The next day, Lowell sees her around town. At the end of the scene, he hears people talking about her, and that she isn't even staying for Christmas this year.
  10:00 am   5. While puttering around town, Charlie sees Lowell and hears people talking about him and Junie.

Chapter 6 Mon 12/20
   8:00 am   1. Charlie goes to see Lowell before the bar opens and they have another intimate moment.
   8:30 am   2. Afterwards, Lowell draws some boundaries with Charlie; he wants to give her space to decide what she will do, but he wants to be with her.
   9:30 am   3. Charlie finally has a heartfelt talk with her mom about why she has stayed gone all these years; mom gives her advice that helps her sort things out.
   3:30 pm   4. Due to bad weather, Lowell gives Kenny a ride hom and Bev invites him for dinner, since the bar is closed for dinner on Mondays. There is tension in the air between Charlie and Lowell; Joe gives Lowell some advice.
   7:30 pm   5. Charlie and Lowell make love - this timet hey both mean it.

Chapter 7 Tue 12/21
    1. After staying over, Lowell leaves in a heartfelt goodby, which leaves Charlie confused and frustrated. She packs her things to leave.
    2. Kenny walks in on Charlie packing up to leave and gives her a piece of his mind. He is not happy that she ever left, not happy that she keeps leaving, and wants her to stay so the family can heal together. Her leaving every year is like an open wound that keep bleeding. They can't heal if they aren't together. He convices her to stay by reminding her that there are only 3 days left until Christmas, then she can do whatever she wants.
    3. Lowell is getting ready to open the bar again, and starts talking to himself about how she wasn't ready. Jess comes in and overhears him talking and starts advising Lowell.
    4. Lowell goes to see Aunt Betsy and she helps him make a plan for wooing Charlie, and treating her like he should have from the start.

Chapter 8
Junie makes another attempt at Lowell, but knows that things are different for him. Charlie sees this, and decides not to pursue things with Lowell becuase she will only mess things up for him. Lowell firmly gives Junie the heave-ho once more, and she finally concedes. He arrives for his date with Charlie with flowers in hand, but she is not so willing anymore.

Chapter 9
Lowell is tired of trying to convince Charlie to stay. Charlie is tired of everyone trying to get her to stay. She has decided to leave, even though it isn't Christmas yet. She calls Roxie and tells him she's leaving Heartsburg and headed his way.

Chapter 10
Now at Roxie's, Charlie tries to get back into her old life, but things are not working out the way she things they should. Unbeknownst to her, Roxie called Lowell and told him what was happening. While Lowell has given up, Roxie convinces him to give it another try, and come to his place. Lowell confronts Charlie, and she agrees to come back for Christmas.

Chapter 11
Christmas Eve at Jake's has been turned into a birthday party for Charlie, sponsored by her parents. Everyone is there - parents, Kenny, Lowell, Roxie & Lucy, Jess, Junie. Lowell decides to propose, since that may be the only way to get Charlie to stay and commit, and to convince her that he means business.

Chapter 12
Faced, in public, with "the question," Charlie panics and starts to leave again. This time, Junie and Jess intervnee and tell her she's being an idiot. Roxie & Lucy console Lowell inside the bar, and convince him to follow. He tells her he's not following her anymore and she needs to decide if she's going to stay with him or not. She decides yes.

Chapter 13
It's been a year since the proposal, and they are getting married on New Year's Eve, deciding they wanted that date to mean something more than the loss of their brother. Everyone chips in and they celebrate their wedding night in his apartment.

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

    